TODO: Enlarge buttons and text. I have large thumbs. Consider going for a mobile friendly design instead.

TODO: Consider reading this for getting rid of repetitive code for toolbar https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28661981/use-toolbar-across-all-activities-android
TODO: above statement would consider reworking a lot of the xml files

todo: add actorName for database (the tutorial's code wasn't really dynamic)

Fix the sorting of notifications
Fix the search algorithm of search users

Logout Button
Suggestion: Use uniform dimensions from dimens.txt

TODO: Fix bugs below

todo: some functionalities in search menu are not working aside sa profile template activity.
todo: Better search algorithm
todo: Better notifications ordering



View holder classes are repetitive
Make the modules more modularized. It's hard to debug if puro copy paste.
Make a condition to check if the background image and profile image isn't null
suggest making a general class for notifications and likes for uniformity, and call it like Like.like(postId, User), Like.unlike(postId, User), etc

When I'm on the search results, the view profile button doesn't work



Notifications:
Doesn't display profile pics properly for some reason
    - Madelein: I don't think the profile pics are necessary for displaying notifications
There's a null error in notifications
Add notifications for report post and result of admin (if keep or delete)

IMPORTANT:
***
Our database is not dynamic. Meaning, if I change my name, then the name of posts that I posted would not be changed. This has bad implications.
For example, I change my name to 'Madelein' then post something atrocious. Then, I change my name to 'Eugene'. Normal people won't know the difference.
I think we need to add a settings button for users to log out, change their details, etc
    - Resolved except for notifications

Feature Related Stuff:
Make Buttons looks more like buttons. I don't think the user would recognize our buttons.

General Notes:
When using progress dialog, disable user functionality

There are some activities you do not want to revert to
Whenever you revert, there is a chance that you could revert to a previous user that just logged out
Bugger off code efficiency. Do this last after general functionalities have been achieved.
Also, most of the stuff are hard coded. I suggest making it more modularized for easier debugging.



Resolved:
    Admin:
    Program crashes when deleting a post. Only the first delete works (either postRef or reportsRef)
    It has something to do with displaying the posts on recyclerview

    Report Post:
    (Not sure if it's a bug) You can't report on your own post

    Login/ Register:
    Also by pressing back, you could go back to login page
    - yes kasi main yung login page

    Post Activity:
    Posting multiple times all at once would be considered as one post
    Add milliseconds to create post
    Fix Layout of edit profile

    Search:
    Fixed image not displaying sa search

    Edit Profile:
    I need to place the gui for edit profile
Notifications overlap. Need to add time for it to work properly

Bug?: double tap creates double posts (for slow nets or when you suddenly dc and click post twice)
I would also recommend starting a new firebase repo to get rid of dummy emails
    Followers Related Stuff:
    Doing a separate followers and following is good in terms of time complexity, but bad in terms of space complexity.
    However, I believe that time complexity must be prioritized rather than space complexity.

Edit Profile:
I need to place the gui for edit profile -done
When back is pressed in this activity and you try logging in again, it would do "your account has not been created due to it being in use to another account or smth"
    - account will be created after signing up, if you go back during the edit profile, you will be redirected back to login/home and you can edit you profile by going to your prile and clicking the edit button

Notifications:
Notifications doesn't link or isn't clickable yet

Bugs:
Change the pic for comment button. Hindi obvious na comment button.

Registration Related Stuff:
I think we need to use email authentication, because users could just put dummy emails and get accounts. (ex. my email was user@email.com)
